Rosen code is operating under the basis of a semi-confined volume where the pressure with
in can vary due to the gas generation and a limited pressure release mechanism


Meaning if we want to keep the main body of the orginal code, we need to make sure the
study case is operating under the setup for the pressure field.

However in a CFD case, the pressure is set as BC and projected by Poisson's Equation.
Here we would have a conflict since once the BC of the pressure field is decided then 
due to the ideal gas law, the concentration for the gaseous species are fixed (?)

The conflict remians where, if we have initial concentrations for the gaseous species,
meaning with R and T, the partial pressure for each species and the total pressure of 
the domain is determined, then what do we do if it doesnt match the pressure field BC?


To make the minium change of the original code, we want ot keep tehe origianl operating
state as much as possible:
1. pressure field is not predetermined
2. pressure is calculate by gas gneration
3. concentrations for each phases are only based on there respective fractional volumes


We can try:
1. verify dynamics in pressure field: completely confined space with gas generation
   in this case ideally the pressure should slowly build up.
   if so then we can proceed the following:

2. calculate the total pressure field based on the initial condition: > gaseous concentration
                                                                      > temperature field
                                                                      > ideal gas constant

3. update the presure field (uniformally?) for the whole domain

4. partial pressure are calculated in step 3, so we can have the saturated concentration 
for the dissolved gaseous species, now we follow the same steps with teh Rosen code

5. now we have how much new gas is being generated (in mole), we can dump the sum from each
cell uniformally for the sum of volume of gas phase:
> mDot_sum / volGas_Sum = CDot_ave (average concentration change rate)


We are using an average concentration change rate for all cells for gaseous species, which
kind of defeats the purpose of having a CFD simulation. we are doing this to avoid the fact 
that some cells are purly fluid, causing singularity at: CDot = mDot / volGas.

This would give us an uniform partial pressure (saturated concentration) across the domain,
which aligns with the ideal of Henry's Law.


With the setup above, all we care about are:
> solable concentration fields
> vDotGas calculated from mDot_sum and ideal gas law


The change we are going to make to ensure all of the above:

for solver:
> pressure field correction
> GPtrs_[i] are uniform value?
> add alphaLiq in vDotGas calculation
> check on dYUpdate(phi)

for case:
> pressure BCs